diagnostic.md, before:

# Ember Routing Diagnostic

Record your responses inside the fenced code blocks below each question.

1.  What are the main task(s) you perform inside the Ember Application Router,
    and what are the main task(s) you perform inside an Ember Route?

    ```md
    <!-- your response here -->
    ```

1.  What is the command to generate a route named `boston` nested under
    `campus`?

    ```md
    <!-- your response here -->
    ```

1.  Suppose you have a nested route at the URL `/campus/boston`. How would you
    use the `link-to` helper to generate an appropriate link?

    ```md
    <!-- your response here -->
    ```

1.  Explain **at least** two differences between the following two route
    definitions.

    ```js
    this.route('products', function () {
      this.route('product', { path: '/:product_id' }); // <= 👀here
    });

    this.route('product', { path: '/products/:product_id' }); // <= 👀 here
    ```

    ```md
    <!-- your response here -->
    ```

1.  Suppose we have the following route definition:

    ```js
    this.route('movie', { path: '/movies/:movie_id' }); // <= 👀 here
    ```

    If we navigate in the browser to `/movies/123`, how can we reference the
    value `'123'` inside a Route?

    ```md
    <!-- your response here -->
    ```

1.  Inside a template, how do we reference data provided by a Route?

    ```md
    <!-- your response here -->
    ```

Commit message:

Complete Ember Routing Diagnostic
Comfort: 3
Clarity: 3

I used Google, the Ember docs, and my class notes to help with this assessment.

diagnostic.md, after:

# Ember Routing Diagnostic

Record your responses inside the fenced code blocks below each question.

1.  What are the main task(s) you perform inside the Ember Application Router,
    and what are the main task(s) you perform inside an Ember Route?

    ```md
    The router is where we define the structure of our URLs, to be able to recall
    viewstates via templates.

    Inside of the routes we write the Javascript for actions and models
    associated with a template.
    ```

1.  What is the command to generate a route named `boston` nested under
    `campus`?

    ```md
    ember generate route campus/boston
    ```

1.  Suppose you have a nested route at the URL `/campus/boston`. How would you
    use the `link-to` helper to generate an appropriate link?

    ```md
    {{#link-to 'campus.boston'}} General Assembly Boston {{/link-to}}
    ```

1.  Explain **at least** two differences between the following two route
    definitions.

    ```js
    this.route('products', function () {
      this.route('product', { path: '/:product_id' }); // <= 👀here
    });

    this.route('product', { path: '/products/:product_id' }); // <= 👀 here
    ```

    ```md
    1. The URL for the second includes '/products/' while the first does not.
    2. The second URL is more useful as you could also have a '/users/:user_id',
        for example, since product ID is nested within products.
    ```

1.  Suppose we have the following route definition:

    ```js
    this.route('movie', { path: '/movies/:movie_id' }); // <= 👀 here
    ```

    If we navigate in the browser to `/movies/123`, how can we reference the
    value `'123'` inside a Route?

    ```md
    params.movie_id (or whatever we called that parameter)
    ```

1.  Inside a template, how do we reference data provided by a Route?

    ```md
    {{route.data}}
    ```
